TARUN  CHAUHAN Product Manager O2C | Retail | BPM Address: Gurgaon, Haryana Phone: +91-9719799899  Email: tarunrc27@gmail.com 
Summary 
Innovative Product Manager with 6+ years of experience in multiple business domains. Demonstrated 
success in developing and implementing strategic approaches to design, develop and delivering high 
value products. Strong communicator with natural leadership talent and high energy. Impactful and 
successful manager proficient in building teams and motivating personnel to new levels of 
performance. 
Skill Highlights 
 Product management 
 User research 
 Strong analytical skills 
 API Integration 
 Data visualization 
 Business Intelligence 
 Stakeholder Management 
 Product Roadmap 
 User Experience 
 B2B & B2C Products 
Experience 
Product Manager - 02/2022 to present 
Efkon India Pvt. Ltd. - Gurgaon, Haryana 
 
 To develop product vision derived from business needs, market requirement and tech trends. 
 Collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders to identify and define product requirements. 
 Defining strategies for product development and creating Product Roadmaps. 
 Manage various stages of product from inception to implementation.  
 Product re-engineering for enriched UX. 
 Monitoring various product KPIs. 
 Product Documentation: Translating the business requirements to the engineering teams 
through PRDs and maintain the change management. 
 Identification of product enhancement in collaboration with cross functional stakeholders. 
 
Product Manager - 09/2019 to 02/2022 
Glaze Trading India Pvt. Ltd. – New-Delhi 
 
 Designed and developed a new Digital Platform from scratch for new age business partners to 
expand market presence and better product reach to the end customer. 
 Integrated multiple business modules including S&D, wallet recharge, payment gateway, etc. 
 On-boarded more than 3200 business partners on the Digital platform resulting an additional 
annual sale of more than 50 Crores for the Company.
 Ideated and designed mobile application from scratch for retaining existing customer base and 
new customer acquisition resulting in smoother B2B and B2C transactions and enriched user 
experience. 
 Analyzing business complexities and suggesting product enhancement strategies. 
 Align closely with Sales and Customer service team to ensure pleasant user experience. 
 Process re-engineering for cost optimization, reduced TAT and improvised UX. 
 Integration of Payment Gateway in the application for smoother transactions and monitoring 
success ratio. 
 
Astt. Manager - Operations - 05/2017 to 09/2019 
Glaze Trading India Pvt. Ltd. – New Delhi 
 
 Managing PAN India Franchisees Operations with a team of 33 executives and 2 team leaders.  
 Identifying various risks involved in the Franchisee operations and rectifying with the 
stakeholders.  
 Process re-engineering in order to reduce TAT for various business processes.  
 Developed various MIS reports for customers to provide business insights.  
 Monitoring multiple business KPIs in order to meet the annual goals. 
 Handling escalated business queries and provide business support. 
 
Planning Engineer  
Mikron Tools – Manesar, Haryana 
 
 Overall planning and scheduling of production on 12 CNC machines. 
 Achieved 12% increased production by wisely utilization of human resources and implementing 
new strategies. 
 Negotiation: Developed 3 new vendors in 7 months with competitive rates. 
 
Trainee Engineer – Production & Planning 
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited – Haridwar, Uttrakhand 
 
 Material indenting and subcontracting. 
 Project scheduling and budgeting to successfully complete engineering projects. 
 Vendor management. 
Education 
B. Tech: Mechanical Engineering - 2013 
Graphic Era University, Dehradun 
Certifications 
PGP Certification in Product Management & Data Science- Insaid.
