Mohammad Abdul Irfan                                                           					  Ph: +91-7036423184
Email: ma.irfan.29@gmail.com.
Objective:
Aspiring for career advancement in a progressive organization that completely challenges and utilizes my skills and abilities to the best and to be an asset to the organization that provides opportunities to lead and to be innovative and promotes an environment aiming at mutual growth.
Professional Summary:
Having 5+ years of experience in Sales, Marketing Management & Business Development in industry. A strategic planner with functional expertise in Market Plan Execution, Product Management and implementation of effective business strategies. Ability to support and sustain a positive work environment that fosters team performance with strong communication and relationship management skills.
Academic Record:
Graduation in Bachelor Of Commerce in Sarada College affiliated to Acharya Nagarjuna University in 2011 with 62%.
12th Class from P.B.Siddartha College,  Board of Intermediate Education Andra Pradesh in 2008 with 70%.
SSC, Railway High School, Guntupalli, Vijayawada, in 2006 with 75%.
Areas Of Strength:
Business Development
Formulating business goals, short term and long-term budgets and developing business plans for the accomplishment of these goals.
Designing & implementing strategies for tapping unexplored avenues, developing & expanding market share.
Sales & Marketing
Managing sales & marketing operations, implementing sales promotional activities as a part of product launch, brand building and market development effort.
Analyzing the latest market trends and providing valuable inputs for fine-tuning the selling and the marketing strategies.
Client Relationship Management
Identifying prospective clients primarily from Industrial Segments, and generating business from the existing clientele, thereby achieving business targets.
Handlings, Training the Distributors & Dealers on new product launch.
Building and maintaining healthy relations with major clients & Dealers, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & quality norms and providing efficient after sales service.
Team Management
Leading, training & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in sales operations and meeting of individual & group targets.
Marketing Management
Managing and follow up with customer data base by various methods using IT tools.
Maintaining a good visibility of the product in the area by means of regular combing in field by the help of audio visual tools.

Professional Experience:
About Client:
KG International FZCO was establishedin 1968, is a leading BEARING COMPANY with ISO 9001:2015 Certification .Today KG International has a presence spanning five continents 50+ countries with manufacturing facilities in Asia. KG International Head Office and state-of the-art distribution facility located in Jebel Ali Free Zone,Dubai,U.A.E.
PRESENT ORGANISATION
Organization Name: KG International FZCO
Designation Name :  Area Sales Executive
Duration : 11-04-2015 TO TILL DATE

Job Roles & Responsibilities:
Lead, Customers to managing sales operations & targets in ANDHRA PRADESH  (Vijayawada, Guntur, Prakasam &West Godavari dist,).
Responsible to bring efficiency in operations and meet the dual objective of developing business and increase market share.
Actively involved in providing feedback to Territory Sales head/ Area Manager / Product Head on product performance, activities and latest trends in the market.
Offering after-sales support services.
Conveying solution benefits to both business and technical aspects.
Preparing and presenting potential cost benefit analysis to potential clients.
Timely Payment collections as per agreed PO’s.
Working on competitor information and converting them into our account.
Previous Employee Details:
Worked as Sales Executive in Mulpuri Foods And Feeds Pvt Ltd from  August 2011 to  March 2015
Job Roles & Responsibilities:
Maintain and develop good relationship with customers through personal contact or meetings or via telephone etc.
Continuously visiting fish and poultry farms and convey them to use our feed for increasing company sales
Getting purchase orders from customers and report the same to the sales and production department
Set up meetings with potential clients and listen to their wishes and concerns
Conduct market research to identify selling possibilities and evaluate customer needs
Attending trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations to represent the employing organisation
….Key Roles:
Self- reliant and competent to work under stress
Possess a desire to learn new skills Possess excellent analytical, communication, people management skills
Personal Details:
Father’s Name		:	M A Rawoof
Known languages		:	English, Hindi, Telugu
Permanent Address	              	:	10-30,Ramakrishna nagar,Guntupalli
Vijayawada – 521241.
M A Irfan
