Venkata Ramana Lagisetty
Phone: 9700152515 | Email: lagisetty.venkat85@gmail.com
Objective
Desirous of working in an organization which provides adequate opportunity for career development and to learn to utilize my knowledge and contribute to the success of organization by my sincere efforts
Summary
Responsible, dedicated Recruitment Manager with around 15.2 years of experience designing recruitment procedures, supervising recruitment teams and analysing recruiting metrics.
Accountable for designing, planning and executing short and long-term talent acquisition strategies for in scope India Technology recruitment; ensures the talent acquisition programs are scalable and aligned to support local, regional and global activities and overall organization’s talent agenda
Managing complete recruitment life-cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse channels after identification of manpower requirements. Developing & implementing strategies for screening / recruitment to combat high attrition rate & retain talent.
Collaborate cross-functionally with business leaders and external talent acquisition partners to execute strategies to address talent needs for global business units in India
Well versed in Hiring Life Cycle Management and effective management of processes with respect to SLA and quality guidelines.
Core Competencies
Social Recruiting, 1 = Global Talent Acquisition. Social Recruiting, 2 = Interviewing. Data Management, 1 = Campus Hiring. Data Management, 2 = Niche Talent Acquisition. Change Management, 1 = On boarding. Change Management, 2 = Client Services. Market Research, 1 = End to End Recruitment. Market Research, 2 = Account Management. Bench Management, 1 = Team Management. Bench Management, 2 = Service-Level Agreements. Managed Services, 1 = MSP Delivery. Managed Services, 2 = Stakeholder Management
Application Tracking /HCM Tools
Oracle Taleo
SAP Fieldglass
Beeline
Professional Experience
GlobalData  – Manager Talent Acquisition – Jun 2022 to Till Date
Currently mandated and focused on helping to recruit, engage and retain the best talent, besides being responsible to design, formulate and implement strategies for talent acquisition in the long run.
At present responsible for conceptualizing the strategies and leading the recruitment process.
Managing stake holders at leadership level and their recruitment needs which includes maintaining hiring budget, escalation handling, reporting on recruitment updates.
Leading a dedicated and focused team of 10+ recruiters while mentoring them, managing their KPIs and performance management.
Handling and delivering a multi-channel, high volume recruitment solution to include. Executive Search, Campus, Direct Hiring, Referrals, Internal mobility and Agency management.
Develop and Manage Recruiting reports, dashboards, and metrics.
Quess IT Staffing – Recruitment Manager – Jan 2020 to Jun 2022
Manage end-end staffing needs, right from gathering requirements, understanding the skills & assigning to the Team.
Continually track down staffing requirements for new projects and ensure timely staffing solutions
Responsible for Delivery, ensuring customer satisfaction.
Resource forecasting on a timely manner and make sure that the budget is in line with requirement of the account or the customer.
Monitor and report on recruitment activity and key performance indicators (KPIs) taking corrective action when required.
Manage Bench data and share the same with the customers to track & forecast planning & deployment for new projects.
Grow business in alignment with company business plans.
Strategic planning in developing new clients, new strategies and its implementation.
Build and maintain high quality effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders at all levels.
Vendor evaluation and management & cost management.
Experience of managing volume hiring initiatives.
Work closely with Vendor Partners on active requirements.
Responsible for the Profit & Loss of the entire Operations. Ensure revenue and operational goals are met.
Scrutiny of Contracts to ensure adherence to company policies and payment terms.
Responsible in co-coordinating with clients & Vendors for payments.
Object Technology Solutions - Manager Talent Acquisition - May 2018 to Dec 2019
Leading Pan India hiring for Two of the biggest and active portfolios. Leading a team of 8-13 members (Recruiters, Leads). Gained expertise in Insurance, healthcare, Banking, Infra & Telecom domains. Hired 300+ laterals in last 3 months, including campus hires, contractors.
Accountability for designing and delivering to customer SLA’s, monthly and quarterly business metrics
Create and implement methodologies for recruitment dashboards and supporting data-driven practices to optimize performance
Consulting with clients in identifying process enhancements necessary to better align the solution with their business goals, including prioritizing those enhancements needed to meet project deadlines and budgets
Reviewing risk and quality plans to ensure necessary mitigation and continuous improvement plans are identified and implemented
Responsible for mentoring, coaching and developing team, recognizing strengths and weaknesses, and developing our future leaders
Developing and disseminating program status reports for internal and external stakeholders including Monthly Delivery documentation for Executive team, weekly status reports
Develop and maintain relationships with any or all of the above: Human Resources Partners, Senior Human Resources personnel and Senior Delivery Managers, Recruitment Services Technology liaisons, Recruitment Resource Center Management
Gather market intelligence on talent, competitor landscape and technical recruitment trends and practices, providing guidance and support as needed to Recruiters
Magna Infotech - Manager Recruitments - Oct 2009 to May 2018
Responsible for supporting the needs of the business on acquiring talent with a team of 2 Leads with 25 Recruiters. Effectively managed an average of 60 - 90 open requisitions concurrently.
Drive Program management Influencing and setting up direction for the recruitment team and strive to drive value.
Take care of the End to End recruitment cycle. Understand the requirement and client's need and shortlist the suitable candidates based on technological skills, rates and location preferences from the available pool of resources.
Working towards identifying and implementing robust recruitment processes for both mid to senior and Executive hiring, ensuring strong source mix including social media, innovative recruitment metrics and proactive direct channels of sourcing
Create strong fundamentals and metrics to manage end to end recruitment process from demand management to sourcing, campus hiring, vendor management, reviewing, interviewing, offer management and finally on boarding process
Accountable for the management of designated Program Staff and Program Leadership. Building and maintaining a high performing, experienced team focused on customer’s deliverables
Lead process improvements and implement best practices in recruitment function. Work with business stakeholders to forecast headcount and ensure cost - effective measures of manpower planning.
Assessing current and future skill requirements of the division and designing appropriate talent acquisition plans
Working with the employer branding team to develop strong branding strategies and managing stakeholder relationships
Partner with business unit leaders and HR Partners to conduct workforce planning and align recruiting plan for the year; act as point of escalation as challenges arise.
Guide hiring managers and other key stakeholders on candidate sourcing, recruitment channels and market conditions.
Sumeru Staffing Solutions - Sr. Recruiter - Oct 2008 to Sep 2009
Collaborate with hiring managers to identify staffing needs, job specifications, duties and responsibilities, competencies, qualifications, and skills.
Develop and maintain all job descriptions and job postings, execute all required job postings in a timely manner.
Develop recruitment initiatives, budgets, and organizational marketing materials to attract applicants.
Extensive sourcing and recruiting candidates through on campus & off Campus hires, job portals, LinkedIn & other social networking sites.
Complete and distribute high-quality weekly and monthly staffing reports. Develop, maintain and present HR recruiting metrics.
Initiate and maintain contact with qualified candidates for specific job openings throughout the recruitment and hiring process.
Review and coordinate candidate applications, conducts phone interviews/ screenings as needed, refer candidates to hiring managers, and participate in applicant interviews as needed.
Research, identify and recommend best practices for full-cycle recruitment function, including alternative staffing strategies.
Creating periodic compliance and reconciliation reporting utilizing ATS/HRIS and collaboration with Corporate HR Teams regarding specific initiatives and programs
Implement employee surveys and questionnaires; helps and action planning based on survey results
Empower TSI - IT Recruiter - Jun 2007 to Oct 2008
Good understanding of different categories of Visas, Work permits, Employment Authorization Document (H1b, TN,W2, 1099, EAD etc)
Partner closely with Leadership and Engineering managers to understand their teams and their hiring needs.
Creatively source high caliber candidates by maximizing internet resources, cold-calling, employee referrals and other resource tools.
Influence hiring decisions by assessing talent through behavioural based interviews, facilitating selection decisions and extending job offers.
Track analytical data regarding all facets of the hiring process, to include sourcing effectiveness, offer rate, accept rate and other analysis as needed.
Education
M.B.A (Human Resource & Systems) - Osmania University – 2007
Declaration
I hereby declare that above particulars of information and facts stated are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Venkata Ramana Lagisetty
