TARUN KR KUSHWAHA 
Contact : - +91-9990571848,  
Email  :-  tarun.kk@outlook.com 
 
 
12+ years of experience, I am adept in administrative and financial oversight, team building, and 
revenue generation. Moreover, while my on-job experience has afforded me a well-rounded skill 
set, including first rate analytical and problem solving abilities, I am proficient at meeting or 
exceeding benchmarks and delivering exceptional results.  Proficient in working in the field of  
energy efficiency, renewable energy and climate change project development and 
implementation. 
 
 
 
        LEADERSHIP SNAPSHOT 
 12 Years of Progressive Growth 
 National and International Project Work Experience. 
 Conventional Technical Project Experience. 
 Energy Management and Renewable Energy. 
 Policy Oriented Project Experience. 
 Proposal development and Client acquisition  
 Experience with government, bilateral Organizations. 
 Market research on technology transformation. 
 Result Driving Approach to execute the project/program. 
 Expending business through strategic partnerships.  
 Revenue, OR, Invoicing management with profitability. 
 Dynamic Communicator & Team Performance Manager. 
 Resource Development and Stakeholder Relationships. 
 Training and Capacity enhancement. 
COMPETENCY 
 Self-Drive approach  
 Forward Looking  
 Time bound Goal Oriented 
 Policy Research 
 Project Management 
 Proficient at meeting 
 Strategic Partnerships  
 Energy Efficiency 
 Renewable Energy 
 Climate Change 
 Electrical and Fire Safety 
 Power Quality Audit 
 Capacity Building 
 Bid Process Management 
 
 
 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFILE: 
 
Project management delivers the improvement with growth demand flexibility, sustained 
growth required . Project Management empowers the people to perform with the maximum 
utilization. It helps to achieve goal, values and culture with on mission, on time and on budget 
delivery. Project Management helps to focus on key deliverable create greater values there by 
achieving greater ROI. Since a decade working an engineer which made me a forward looking 
project management professional. Successfully completed national and international assignment 
for my organization. Work experience with government, bilateral and private client. 
 
Skill Set: Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), Gantt Chart, Project Networking 
Techniques, Critical Path Method (CPM), Critical Activity Analysis (CAA), Project 
Timeline Analysis, Program Evaluation &  Review Technique (PERT), Framework 
of Implementation Plan, Budget Planning, ROI Analysis, Profitability Analysis, 
Procurement Procedure, Measurement & Verification, Monitoring & Targeting 
and so forth.   
Project Area: Energy management, renewable energy,  consultancy assignment, Perform 
Achieve & Trade (PAT), energy efficiency consulting, Climate Change Mitigation 
Strategies, Kyoto Protocol, Paris Agreement, Project Design Document, 
compliance and voluntary framework i.e. CDM, VCS and Gold Standard.
TARUN KR KUSHWAHA 
 
 
+91-9990571848, tarun.kk@outlook.com 
 
HVAC building solutions, power quality, market research, technology 
transformation & propagation of assignment, Electrical safety, Fire Safety and so 
forth. 
Clients: Government (Central/state), UNDP, UNICEF, BEE, EESL, Large Industries, MSME 
Industries. 
Geographical Area: North India 
 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  and SALES PROFILE: 
 
I am a techno -commercial consultant, earned engineering and MBA leads to enable me as business 
development professional. At the start of my career, I was an on -field engineer, handled nationwide 
projects, this experience allowed me to understand the requirements of a client.  
 
Skill Set: Communication Skills, Negotiation Skills, Strategic Skills, Computer Skills, Project 
Management, Business Intelligence, SWOT Analysis, CRM, Customer 
Segmentation, Lead Management, Inbound & outbound Marketing, Proposal 
Development, Tender Preparation and so forth.  
Major Product: Energy Audits, renewable energy, Electrical safety, Power Audit, Disaster 
Preparedness Audit, Fire Safety, Consulting Assignment, PAT M&V Audit, 
building solutions, HVAC building Solutions etc. 
Clients: Government (Central/state), UNDP, UNICEF, BEE, EESL, IOCL, Cement Plant, 
Power Plant, MNSE Industries. 
Geographical Area: North India 
 
 
 
WORKSHOPS & TECHNICAL PAPERS   
 Training to electrical safety staff at district hospital of all districts of Chhattisgarh, Madhya 
Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand, on behalf of UNICEF.  
 Training to the industry staff for garment industry for electrical safety and fire safety as per 
ILO, LABS, NBC and state specific guideline. 
 A technical workshop to “A step needed for Energy Efficiency in Steel Re-rolling Mills Sector” 
in an International Seminar organized by RDCIS, SAIL, IIM Ranchi Chapter and BEE; on Energy 
Efficiency in Steel Industry at Ranchi (14-16 December, 2011); paper submitted and selected 
for presentation. 
 Implementation of ESCo Concept for Sustainability of Steel Re -Rolling Mills” in an 
International Seminar organized by SAIL and NHRD; on Sustainable Corporate Growth at 
Ranchi (08-09 April, 2011). 
 Member of a team from India at General Conference of UNIDO at Austria, nominated by 
Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) on Climate Change and Energy Efficiency 
(7 to 12 December 2009). 
 Energy Efficiency workshop & study program organized by European Council for E nergy 
Efficiency Economy (ECEEE)-2009 from 1st to 6th June 2009 at Nice, France. 
 Technical Paper “Energy Efficiency Improvement Through ESCo Interventions” in a 
brainstorming workshop organized by Ministry of Steel on ESCO and third party financing in 
Steel Re-Rolling Mills at Chennai (21 Dec. 2010). 
 Completed training on Certified Measurement & Verification Professional on IPMVP at New 
Delhi organized by AEEE & USAID.  
 Completed Training on Energy Audit provided by National Productivity Council, India at 
Bureau of Energy Efficiency office.
TARUN KR KUSHWAHA 
 
 
+91-9990571848, tarun.kk@outlook.com 
 
 ACADEMIC CREDENTIAL  
  
Qualification Subject Institute Grade/Division 
Management Executive Program Project 
Management 
Indian Institute of 
Technology, Delhi A 
Master of Business 
Administration Finance Sikkim Manipal 
University First 
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) Electronics & 
Instrumentation 
Uttar Pradesh 
Technical University First 
Certificate 
Electrical Safety 
Inspection, Audit 
and Assessment 
TUV SUD South Asia A 
 
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   
Designation/ Organization Duration Roles and Responsibility 
Senior Manager – Energy 
Efficiency and Climate 
Change 
 
EKI Energy Services Limited 
July-2019 to 
till date 
Heading Energy efficiency and climate Change business 
for climate change mitigation advisory services for CDM, 
VCS and Gold Standards. Working on International 
Protocol i.e. Kyoto Protocol, Paris Agreement, Project 
Design Document.  
Manager – Energy 
Efficiency 
 
TUV SUD South Asia, New 
Delhi 
Sep-2011 to 
July-2018 
Innovation to new product development, Training and 
Competency enhancement, Stakeholder management, 
Policy development project head, key account manager 
for Government and Donor Projects, Bid Management, 
Process Improvement, Solution Management. 
Junior Manager – Energy 
Capacity Building 
 
United Nations 
Development Programme 
(UNDP), New Delhi 
Oct-2010 to 
Sep-2011 
Training & Capacity development for Industry personnel 
& working staff, market research on new technology, 
strategy to extrapolate the EE growth & market 
transformation, preparation of research and case study 
for MoS and UNDP 
Project Engineer – Demand 
Side Management  
 
Bureau of Energy Efficiency 
(BEE), New Delhi 
Nov-2008 to 
Oct-2010 
Demand Side Management, Standard & Labelling, 
Capacity development, market research, research and 
case study for market transformation. Conducting 
Research program to regularise the BEE star labelling 
program. 
Project Fellow – Solar PV 
 
Ministry of New and 
Renewable Energy, New 
Delhi 
Mar-2008 to 
Nov-2008 
Research and development activity in relation to the  
Solar PV Power Plant and Solar Battery testing. 
 
GENERAL PROFILE   
 
Name     : TARUN KUMAR KUSHWAHA 
Father’s Name    : Mr. SHIV NARAYAN SINGH KUSHWAHA 
Address     : Greater Noida (Delhi NCR)
TARUN KR KUSHWAHA 
 
 
+91-9990571848, tarun.kk@outlook.com 
Nationality    : Indian 
Language    : English and Hindi 
Computer Skill    : MS Office, MS Project and Acrobat Pro 
Project Management Experience : National and International 
Total years of Experience  : 12+ Years 
 
DECLARATION  
This is to confirm that all the information mention above is true. 
Sd/- 
TARUN KR KUSHWAHA 
+91-9990571848
