TAPARSHI KONAR
Mobile: +91-9830390477  ~ E-Mail: taparshi_konar@rediffmail.com/vittu30@gmail.com
Preferred Location: Kolkata/ Anywhere
To grow in a progressive organization as where the blend of my 10 years of experience and enhanced educational skills can help in achieving the goals of the company. I would like to exploit my potential and sense of obligation for the benefit of the organization.
AN OVERVIEW
A result oriented professional with over 10 years of experience in managing Sales & Marketing, Client Relationship Management, Business Development, Administration, Branch operation & MIS Reporting.
Currently working with Bigpage E-commerce Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata as a Senior Sales Manager.
Hands on productive business relationships, building an extensive client base, and market development and learning new options for business development.
Experience in encompassing sales & marketing, key account management, channel management, competitor analysis and team management.
Comfortable in interacting with multiple levels of organization, management and staff from different locations.
CAREER SCAN
From Jul’20 to Present                         Bigpage E-commerce Pvt. Ltd                         Senior Sales Manager
Key Deliverables:
Daily huddle with team via Zoom/Google hangout and sets up the priority that drive sales.
Meeting with client on site (field visit), Zoom/Hangout/email or any other media to sell our products and service.
Build a sales roadmap on biweekly and monthly basis to make sure we can meet our target
Work on accounting, billing, GST, B2B marketplace and paid media
Manage a team by setting up an effective and killer sales process and strategy
Hire, manage and evaluate performance a team of sale executive in a such way it drives sales and revenue as defined by the company
Daily basis working report by adding the clients leads in detail into our system (i.e.: Time-in, Time-out, tasks that are being done, etc.)
From Nov’19 to Jun’20                         Aakash Edutech Pvt. Ltd                     Senior Education Executive
Key Deliverables:
Responsible for achieving monthly sale targets.
Identifying and Generating Sales opportunities through cold calling, references and internal database.
Visiting customer venue and giving demos and presentations regarding the product.
From Jan’18 to Nov’19		  Infocom Network Ltd, Kolkata                  Relationship Manager, BD
Key Deliverables:
Identifying and Generating Sales opportunities through cold calling, references, internal database.
Approaching various SME's for Business promotion solutions like catalogs, space selling, websites, banners etc.
Developing and maintaining relationship with the clients by providing support, information and guidance over phone/e-mails.
Assisting the clients in making purchase decisions via objection handling and suggesting new services.
Working to the KPI's & KRA's set by the Territory Sales Manager.
Generating the interest of the clients and closing the sales.
Responsible for achieving monthly sale targets.
Branding the company in respect with the services.
From Sept’16 to Dec’17	                      RICE Education Group, Kolkata                           Branch Incharge
Key Deliverables:
To maintain entire marketing part of all containing various relevant matters & requisition of marketing goods for smooth running of business.
Handling total operation and administration i.e. admission procedure, class feedback & class arrange along with teachers handling, Exam coordination and Revenue collection.
Analyzing of Student’s performance as well as maintaining a healthy relationship with them.
Guardians meet as well as communicate to Head Office & to assist immediate boss with well planned notion and decision by professional skills.
Also looking after the counseling part.
From Dec’10 to Sept’16		      Ideal Group, Kolkata		                 Executive
Key Deliverables:
Handling project sites and commercial vehicle section for the company.
Analyzing the data & accordingly predict the future business.
Achieving the sales target and handling the marketing & post sales operations along with Client Relationship Management.
Handling the marketing and post sales operations along with Client Relationship Management.
Maintaining MIS reports of the workings of the company on a daily, weekly and monthly basis.
Categorizing prospective clients and generating business from new accounts as well as developing them to achieve consistent profitability. Performing all the sales & marketing operations in line with the macro business plans.
Constructing and sustaining healthy business relations with major clients, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & quality norms.
KEY AREA OF EXPERTISE
Branch Manager          Sales and Marketing                Business Development        MIS Reporting
Administration           Key account management          Client Relationship      	Channel Management
Team Handling            Client Servicing                            Strategic Planning           Brand Management
Market Research        Product & sales promotion      Distribution Management
SCHOLASTICS
2013     Executive Diploma in Export Management from Indian school of Business Management &
Administration with 79.75%.
2011    MBA (Marketing) from International School of Business, Kolkata affiliated to Punjab Technical
University with 65.4%.
2010   PGDBM (Marketing & System) from International School of Business (Autonomous) with 7.06
CGPA.
2008   BBA (H) from B.P.Poddar Institute of Management & Technology, Kolkata affiliated to West Bengal
University with 7.19 CGPA.
2005   12th (Science) (CBSE) form Khalsa Model Senior Secondary School, Kolkata with 61.4%.
2002  10th (CBSE) from Khalsa Model Senior Secondary School, Kolkata with 53.4%.
SUMMER INTERNSHIP
Organization		:	Allahabad Bank (Headquarter), Kolkata
Duration		:	10 weeks (Apr’10 to Jul’10)
Project Title		:	“Scope & Prospect of Cash Management s with special reference
to Allahabad  Bank.”
Highlights		:
Learned numerous aspects of Cash Management s in Allahabad Bank.
Analysed the history of Allahabad Bank in respect of Cash Management s.
Acquired insight about the functioning of Cash Management s in Allahabad Bank and explored future prospects of the same.
EXTRAMURAL ACTIVITIES
Participated in under 13 & 16 in Cricket Association of Bengal Tournaments & Senior District Cricket Tournament for Belgharia Sporting Club in 2007
Played a role of an active treasurer of “Nawdapara Uttarayan Club” under Saraswati Puja Committee, Kolkata in 2005
IT PURVIEW
Well versed with:
MS Office (Word, PowerPoint & Excel) and Internet Applications.
Basic knowledge of Programming Language SQL.
SAP (Sales & Distribution), ERP software & CRM.
PERSONAL DOSSIER
Date of birth		:	1st October 1985
Address		              :	181/52 B.C. Chatterjee Street, Lokenath Park, Kolkata-700056
Linguistic Abilities	:	English, Hindi & Bengali.
