1 
 
SUDHAKAR SHARMA      
  
B-95, Preet Vihar, Delhi-110092. 
Mob: (+91) 9711780726 
E-mail Id: sudhakardamodar@gmail.com 
 An ambitious & optimistic Business Executive with proven abilities in strategic planning, m anaging projects, improving 
efficiency of operations, team building, & detailing project information to determine effective functions of the 
organization. 
Strengths:  
 Capability to administer the business independently through strategic plannin g, project planning, execution 
and brand Management. 
 Excellent organizational and leadership qualities coupled with good judgment and decision -making abilities 
with strong commitment to realize targets. 
 Quickly grasps complex concepts, analyses & interprets ideas into  a logical strategy. Able to identify areas of 
strength & weakness & implement company policies, standards, changes in operation & systems that 
optimize productivity. 
 Highly consistent in fostering high value and long-term relations with clients, vendors a mong different 
segments and developing the supply chain for smooth flow of business.  
 Dedicated, innovative and self -motivated team player/builder with strong interpersonal skills and positive 
work ethic. 
Professional Experience: 
 Director        (Feb’17 to At Present) 
Travelaunchers Pvt. Ltd.      (Delhi) 
Travelaunchers is a complete destination management company based in Delhi. It’s a 
young, energetic and enthusiastic team on board to make each ‘n’ every trip memorable 
for our valuable guests. Having head-office in New Delhi, we have a strong network of trade 
associates all over in India headed by experienced travel professionals.  
 
Role Objective:  
 To promote Leisure & Business tour packages and car rental services.  
 To look after visa services for business travelers. 
 To coordinate with Airport handling team who look after the important guests at Indra Gandhi 
International Airport & Domestic Airport as well. 
 Looking after the promotional activities of the company to create strong foothold in the market.   
Key Responsibilities:  
 Handling entire sales & operations of organization and coordination with Corporate and Institutions. 
 Supervision of the team handling MICE section - Meetings, Incentives, Conferences and Exhibitions 
division. 
 Responsible for developing a strong relationship with trade partners for B2B rates. 
 Developing new travel itineraries to introduce into the market with more options to explore.
2 
 
 Head -Advisory Services & Business Development   (Apr’14 to Jan’17) 
DamNir’S International      (Delhi) 
 
DamNir'S International is a business consulting firm providing advisory services to the 
entrepreneurs working in Dairy and Agri-Business sector: consultancy to set up dairy farms, 
milk processing units, cattle feed plant, Bakery units, offering complete mana gement 
package to run the project including feasibility report, farm layout, breed selection, silage 
preparation, plant layout for processing units, etc. We also organize Entrepreneurship 
Development Programs & short term refresher training programs for the entrepreneurs. 
 
Role Objective:  
 To promote and develop new business opportunities to increase the sale of the company.  
 Coordinating & leading the team to cover various areas of responsibilities to execute large, radical 
projects. 
 High degree of relationship management to engage with the various interested clients on regular 
basis. 
Key Responsibilities:  
 Handling sales & operations of the organization. 
 Developing territory and sales execution strategies to attain the targets.  
 Responsible for developing a strong relationship with trade partners. 
 Designing sales growth strategies to scale up the profit of the organization.  
 
 Managing Director        (Aug’09 to Jan’14) 
  SINED (TBI), National Dairy Research Institute    Karnal (HR)  
Technology Business Incubator (TBI) is a project of ‘Department of Science and Technology’ 
(DST), Government of India, promoted by ‘Society for Innovation & Entrepreneurship in 
Dairying’ (SINED), hosted by ‘National Dairy Research Institute’, Karnal. SINED (TBI) 
promotes the concept of growth through innovations and applications of technology, 
support, economic development strategies for Small Business Development.  SINED-TBI is 
designed to provide a launch pad to budding entrepreneurs who wish to launch themselves 
into the world of technology-based business careers.  
 
Role Objective:  
 To lead the organization through its inception, nascent stages and set a clear vision and its strategy.  
 Build a performance-based culture & establish an effective and strong top management team to lead t he 
organization into becoming a strong player in the market. 
 Proactively form functional relationships with various financial service players to support entrepreneurs. 
 To coordinate with all the Head of the Departments of NDRI for smooth functioning of (TBI). 
 Liasioning with the Dairy Development Boards & Milk Processing Units of different States to impart short 
term trainings for their technical staff. 
 Procurement of thrust area equipments to enhance the activities of incubation at SINED (TBI). 
 Demonstrate ability to motivate Incubatee Company to maximum productivity & control costs through the 
most effective use of manpower & available resources.
3 
 
Key Responsibilities:  
 Formulation of direction and strategy for the TBI & Incubatees – Short/ Medium/ Long. 
 To execute large, radical projects. 
 To organize Entrepreneurship Development Programmes & short-term training programs. 
 High degree of relationship management and business development activity to engage with the various 
interested clients on regular basis. 
 Focus on service and to position SINED (TBI) as a competitive, self sustainable and customer friendly 
organization. 
 Task of building high performing team which can kick start the various activities of the organization.  
Coordination with Financial Institutions to support entrepreneurs: 
 MSME, Govt. of India 
 Nationalized Banks of India 
 NABARD, SIDBI 
 Funds from Venture Capitals & Angel Funding 
 Branch Head         (Dec’07 to Jul’09) 
Frontier Holidays         Delhi  
Role Objective:  
 I have joined as Sales & Marketing Manager for Delhi, promoted to the position of Branch 
Head within the span of six months having responsibility of entire sales & operations of 
Delhi and North India region.  
Key Responsibilities:  
 Branch head and company representative for Delhi and North India branch. 
 Developing the market for the company and creating strong foothold for the north India region . 
 Designing sales growth strategies and foster the business through novel market strategies and innovative 
ideas. 
 Focused on team building & motivating them to achieve the targets. 
 Promoting KTDC hotels for leisure & business tours. 
 Manager - Sales         (Sep’05 to Dec’07) 
Ocean Travels         Delhi 
Role Objective:  
Steering Sales management of the organization efficiently and effectively fostered the 
business by selective adoption of different successful approaches, strategic planning and 
prudent human resource management.  
Key Responsibilities:  
 Responsible for entire sales from prospecting to the closing of the deal for the territory assigned. 
 Formulating sales growth strategies and foster the business through novel market strategies and innovative 
ideas using various promotional techniques & participating in various travel marts. 
 Reviewing the marketing budgets and ensuring strict adherence to limitations. 
 Effectively directing, training & motivating the teams to realize organizational and individual targets & 
designed customized packages as per the requirement of the clients.  
 Directly accountable for sales of different travel products for the assigned territory.
4 
 
 Assistant Manager – Sales & Marketing      (Jul’03 to Sep’05) 
Sahas Adventures Pvt. Ltd.        Delhi  
 
Role Objective:  
Drove sales of adventure sports packages, tour & travel packages, and organiz ing camping 
events for Corporate, Educational Institutions & individuals.  
Key Responsibilities:  
 Reviewed and approved sales deals by the sales executives. 
 Scheduled and managed one senior executive and three sales executives. 
 Developed strong customer relations, ensured highest standards of customer satisfaction and quality service 
always.  
 Organising events & team building activities for the corporate.  
 
 Sr. Sales Executive        (Mar’01 to Jun’03)  
X-Static Technologies Pvt. Ltd.        Delhi   
 
Role Objective:  
Joined as sales executive and promoted to the designation of senior sales executive with 
skills in leading direct reports as well as cross-functional teams. 
Key Responsibilities:  
 Determining and documenting new product requirements 
 Responsible for providing technical support to the customers. 
 Managing a product line for its entire life cycle 
 Developing sales forecasts and product pricing. 
 
Professional Qualification: 
 
 Master of Business Administration–Sikkim Manipal University. 
 Two years Professional Diploma in Software & Design - NIIT. 
 Diploma in International Airlines Management – AIIMAS. 
 Diploma in Business Management- AIIMAS. 
 Diploma in Office Administration – AIIMAS. 
 Certificate in Computing (CIC) from IGNOU. 
 
Academic Qualification: 
 
 Bachelor of Commerce – Delhi University. 
 Intermediate - G.B.M. Sr. Sec. School, Delhi. 
 High School - A. E. Sc. Sr. Sec. School, Delhi.
5 
 
Extra-Curricular Activities: 
 Stood Second in Essay competition conducted by Delhi Police. 
 Won prize from Hindi Sahitya Academy for best work on Hindi Poets.  
 
International Exposure: 
 
I have p articipated in the Executive Program on ‘Technology Commercialization ’ under the Department of 
Science & Technology (DST) - Govt. of India & Lockheed Martin India Innovation Growth Program at IC2 Institute, 
University of Texas , Austin (USA) being administered jointly by Indo -US Science & Technology forum (IUSSTF), 
FICCI & IC2 Institute.  
 Global Business Development Strategies & Practices, Marketing Overview: Market Research, 
Financial Concepts in Marketing, The Marketing Plan: Situation Analysis, Customer Analysis: 
how innovations diffuse thru customer groups; Competitor Analysis, Collaborators, 
Opportunities & Issues Analysis (SWOT), Marketing Strategy: Segmentation & Targeting 
Strategy, Marketing Strategy: Differentiation & Positioning, Marketing Mix Overview, esp. 
Pricing are some of the topics covered in the program along with technical topics like The 
Incubation Process, Key Issues in Incubation, Selecting, Tracking and Graduating Companies, 
Financial Planning & Managing Incubator Finances, Sustainability, Governing & Managing the 
Incubator, Key Issues in Incubation, Recruiting the Right Technologies, Collaboration Strategy.  
Competencies: 
 Team building skills 
 Visioning & strategic thinking 
 Strong leadership skills 
 Excellent communication & presentation skills 
 Sales - & - Marketing management 
 Successful start-ups 
Personal Details: 
Father's Name : Sh. D.S. Sharma  
Mother’s Name : Smt. Nirmala Sharma 
Spouse Name : Ms. Alka Sharma  
Permanent Add : B-95, Preet Vihar, Delhi – 110092 
Phone (R) : 011-22412535 
Date of Birth : September 3rd, 1977 
Gender : Male 
Marital Status : Married 
Nationality : Indian  
Language Known : Hindi & English  
 
Date:  
Place: Delhi       (SUDHAKAR SHARMA)
